I said it once,
I said it again, security is one of
the most important things we can do.
So this whole section is on different
ways of securing your application,
which are pretty important.
So let's go back to that auth log.
Remember that yesterday, our server's
been up for about 24 hours or so.
Let's check out what's going on
in the world of our auth log.
So give it a second to navigate there.
So I'm going to say, sudo,
Cat to read that file,
var/log/auth.log, that's for our password.
And everybody's auth.log is gonna look a
little bit different, but what do you see?
>> A lot of activity.
>> A lot of invalid users.
>> Yeah, again, the minute you
open your computer to the web,
you're getting port scanned by everybody.
Everybody's trying to
connect to your machine.
The Internet is a wide world place,
not necessarily full of
the best actors all the time.
So we spend extra time in
this class going to security.
Nothing too onerous that's going
to interrupt your workflow but
just really good practices to
have because if you don't,
people are going to take your machine and
they will not stop trying.
And we talked a bit about this yesterday,
but what do we do if,
because we blocked root,
which was a good idea, but
what do we do if someone just gained
access to your server in general?
What could they do?
>> They could download as
much stuff as they want and
run through our bandwidth caps.
>> Yeah,
they could download as much as they want,
run through your bandwidth caps,
what else?
>> Use it as a bot to
attack other sites or
infrastructure.
>> Yeah, they can take it over use as
bots to attack the other infrastructure.
What about this one,
which we often don't consider?
Now that we have an SSH key on our server,
they could connect to your
GitHub via your server and
then your company's profile, your
company's work is probably on GitHub too.
So they can steal your entire company
via one unsecured server by you, and
you didn't mean to do that, but
that's the way these things work.
Another thing they can do
is they can connect and
then they can erase their tracks.
They can delete the log files or
just delete the lines log files, so
you'll never even know your machine was
compromised because people can clear all
this stuff out.
And the rule on a compromised machine is,
you don't know what they've done.
So generally, if your machines or
any company's machine have been hacked or
taken over, all you can do is wipe them
and restore something from a backup from
a long-time ago because you
don't know what they've done.
And we've seen lots of this
in history with computer,
with companies getting hacked, and
the people were in their machines for two,
three, four years, because they thought
they fixed the breach and they didn't.
Because people have dropped like
a rootkit or something in there, and
they're just in there watching, waiting.
People think it's a bunch of kids and
teenagers having fun,
trying to take down your website,
things like that, but
the real malicious actors are the people
that they play the long game.
They will wait years, and years, and years
and try to compromise as much as possible.
Hence, security is paramount when it comes
to servers because everything's connected.
So the strongest thing
we do is use SSH key,
we talked about that in a previous
section, we don't use passwords.
Passwords are weak, passwords can be
broken, people can brute force passwords,
so we use SSH keys.
We use something called firewalls,
which says, hey,
you're allowed to come into my server for
say, I need to serve Internet traffic.
You're allowed to do that, but
you're not allowed to touch anything else,
so we use a firewall.
Another thing we do that people don't
often think of is we keep our software up
to date.
Because if there's a hack or
a breach, you wanna make sure that your
software is always running the latest.